=head1 NAME

burp - AUR uploader

=head1 SYNOPSIS

I<burp> [options] PACKAGE [PACKAGE2..]

=head1 DESCRIPTION

burp is a simple tool to upload packages to the AUR. It is written in C and
only depends on libcurl for its functionality.

=head1 OPTIONS

=over

=item B<-u> I<USER>B<, --username=>I<USER>

AUR login username. If omitted and not specified in the config file, you will be
prompted to enter this at runtime.

=item B<-p> I<PASSWORD>B<, --password=>I<PASSWORD>B< >

AUR login password. If omitted and not specified in the config file, you will be
prompted to enter this at runtime.

=item B<-c> I<CAT>B<, --category=>I<CAT>

Specify I<CAT> to assign to uploaded packages. This should only be specified once.
If specified multiple times, the last will take precedence. If this option is not
specified, the category will default to type 'None' for new taurballs and the current
category for updated taurballs. A list of valid categories can be obtained by invoking
the -c flag with 'help'.

=item B<-C> I<FILE>B<, --cookies=>I<FILE>

Use I<FILE> to store cookies rather than the default temporary file. If a valid cookie
file is found, burp will attempt to login using the cookies in this file rather than
by username and password. Do B<not> attempt to use a cookie file from your web browser
or other application.

=item B<-k, --keep-cookies>

Cookies will be persistent and reused for logins. Do B<not> use this option without
specifying a path to a cookie file, either by the -C option or via the config file.

=item B<-v, --verbose>

Be more verbose. Pass this option twice to see debug info.

=back

=head1 CONFIGURATION

burp will look for a config file located at I<$XDG_CONFIG_HOME/burp/burp.conf>
and read default options from it in key=value format. Valid keys are:

=begin man

.sp
.RS 4
.nf
.BB lightgray
User      = \fIUSER\fR
Password  = \fIPASSWORD\fR
Cookies   = \fIFILE\fR
Persist
.EB lightgray
.fi
.RE

=end man

=begin html

<dd>
User      = <i>USER</i><br/>
Password  = <i>PASSWORD</i><br/>
Cookies   = <i>FILE</i><br/>
Persist<br/>
</dd>

=end html

These should all be self explanatory. Comments, if desired, can be specified
with a #.  Command line options will always take precedence over options specified
in the config file.


=head1 AUTHOR

Dave Reisner E<lt>d@falconindy.comE<gt>

